Update the doc on being able to ACK, DT and Force check from the detail panel (#4007)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.10/alerts-notifications/downtimes.md

2. Use one of the following methods:
    - Select the object(s) that you want to define downtime on, and then click the **Set Downtime** button above the list of resources.
    - Hover over the resource you want to define downtime on, and then click the **Set Downtime** icon that appears on the left.

>     - Open the Detail panel of the resource and click on the **Set Downtime** button below the tabs.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Click on the resource to open its **Detail panel** and click on the **Set Downtime** button below the tabs.
```
